1.create a function to find prime numbers in a given range.
2.create a function to find the armstrong number in the range of 100 to 200.
3.take a string "problem solving using python"
   a.find the length of the string
   b.change the string to ower case
   c.print the string in rreverse order
   d.split the string using spaces
   e.print the string without spaces
   f.find how many times "s" is repeated in a given string.
4.take a string "python programing by pton platforms"
     a.find how may times python is repeated.
5.create a function to find the averages of cubes of all the even numbers in a given range.
6.create a function to calculate the average of first n prime numbers.
7.create a function to find the perfect numbers in a given range.
8.write a program to find the second largest number in a given range.
9.create a function to convert decimal number to binary.
10.create a function to prit range of multiplication of tables.
11.create a function to find to validate phone number using Regular expressions.  
12.create a function to find special numbers in given range.
13.create a function to print only alphabets from a string.
14.create a function to find the factorials of the numbers in given range.
15.create a function to find the sum of the digits of a given number.
16.create 3*3 array using range range parameter.
17.create afunction to perform the calculator operations.
18.create a function to find the first and last digits of a number
19.create a function to find even or odd number.
20.create a function to check whether the given number is palindrome or not.
21.create a Dataframe of marks in 4 different subjects using range parameter.
22.create a fnction to find leap year in a particular range.
23.create a function to calculate a number divisible by 2 and 3 but not by 4.
24.create a function to find fibanoci series of a given number.
25.create a dataframe with two columns andplot  scatter plot to those two columns in the same plane.